These policies are here to protect the honest players and staffers. They are not here for people to hide behind. Staff will amend these policies as necessary and when they make a decision, it is made. A player is allowed one appeal. After that, the issue is expected to be completed and resolved.

1. Don't Be A 'Jerk'
Being 'a Jerk' means doing anything that staff deems disruptive to the game such as (but not limited to) cheating, hacking the database, being abusive, harassing, or obnoxious. Staff is the sole authority on this and will decide what constitutes this behavior, as well as punishments, at its own discretion.

2. R-Rated
This game deals with adult themes in adult ways. All players, by using +agree, confirm that they are 18 years of age or older and agree to abide by these policies. However, this rating is not to be abused to test its limits. Staff will roll backwards before defaulting towards extending the rating without permission. Channels are PG-13. Channel content will not bash players/People (to include posting RL pictures of people not yourself), games, or discuss politics.

3. Consent
This game is zero-consent within reason. You are applying to play a character in a warzone. Staff will not head-hunt characters, but if they fly their Viper into a star, the PC will suffer the consequences. If you are playing a skinjob and you plant a bomb that kills people, bad things could happen. Staff will work with players to avoid wiping them off the grid where possible, but there may be times when that is unavoidable. As with any game, In-Character Actions will result with In-Character Consequences.

4. Original Content
While this game is one out of a lineage of other Battletar games, it is an original platform. It does not exist within the context of other games or the BSG universe as written by Ron Moore. We will not be allowing characters from the series in any form from the show or movies, other shows or movies, past or present. Players can revive old characters from prior games. There are no Feature Characters.
   * Please note that players need to be careful about reusing old character concepts from prior games. Take care to not bring over knowledge or anything that could conflict with the timeline or theme of this game. Your characters should be effectively starting fresh when applied for. However, there may be a mechanism in place that does work outside of this. More will be posted when we have the system ready.

5. Cooperative Environment
This game is a cooperative writing environment. We encourage players to delve deep into their characters and flesh out the world that they are playing in. However, we do remind players that this game cannot be 'won' by any single player or character. We do expect players to work together where possible OOCly to resolve conflicts. Staff is not here to resolve personal conflicts, but they will if it disrupts the game or becomes public.

6. TS
It happens and staff is not here to regulate it. While the game's rating is R, we ask that players refrain from engaging in TS in public rooms or emitting/speaking graphic material in public areas where this is unexpected. 'Public Rooms' are defined as anyplace on grid that is not a TP Room. Material of this nature should never be posted to the wiki, either. Remember, people have children that may see the screen and what you force onto it. People may be at work. Or in public. Respect This.

7. Idling
Please don't idle in commonly used public rooms or social hubs. Those who do will be sent to the AFK area. This also refers to players in ranking positions and their activity. We expect Department Heads and characters in ranking positions to be active within their expected groups. Activity levels will not be defined but will be examined based upon a number of factors.

8. Alts
We currently allow players to hold four PC's in total. These alts may not be in the same department, interact with each other, or be used to benefit each other. Staff understands that sometimes alts have the same friends or the same IC projects pass their IC desks and this is not a problem.

9. Player-Kills
PK's are dirty business and sometimes they happen. We are stating here that this game does not endorse them. However, should a situation like this arise, staff needs to be notified and the situation discussed before any action is taken. Kill intents may be denied if there is insufficient cause or RP to back it up. PKs won't earn anyone positive marks from staff, either.

10. PRP's
Yes. HELL yes. Please submit plot pitches via +request. Staff will review them when they can and see about getting your ideas approved and into play as soon as possible. PRP's could be anything from maybe a ghost in the stairwell to developing a new weapons system. We encourage people to bring them to staff and see if we can find a way to make it happen!

11. Ghosting or Masking IP's (The Augie Policy)
Players on this game are not permitted to spoof, mask, or hide their true IP addresses from staff. This includes any intent to hide your true location. There are zero exceptions to this. If game staff suspects you are attempting to do this, you will be asked to leave.